Let me start by reading both the test file and the class under test to understand what needs to be done.

Now let me analyze each test to determine what oracle is needed:

**test00:**
```java
Soundex soundex0 = Soundex.US_ENGLISH;
String string0 = soundex0.encode("vyHWF);{");
```
The `encode` method calls `soundex` which calls `SoundexUtils.clean` first. The string "vyHWF);{" - let me think about what `SoundexUtils.clean` would do. It would likely remove non-letter characters and uppercase the result. So "vyHWF" becomes "VYHWF". Then Soundex: V is the first char, so out[0] = 'V'. 'Y' maps to a vowel code, which gets skipped. 'H' and 'W' are special cases that get ignored entirely. 'F' maps to '1', which differs from the last stored digit, so it gets appended as out[1], giving the final encoded result.

Let me double check the mapping string against each letter's position to make sure I've got the right digit assignments.

I finish mapping out the remaining letters, then trace through the "vyHWF);{" example by cleaning it to just letters "VYHWF" and stepping through Soundex encoding: V starts as the output letter, Y maps to '0' so it's dropped, H and W are skipped due to the special HW rule, and F maps to '1', continuing the digit-building process.

Working through the final steps, I get "V100" as the result for that test, so I should add an assertion checking `soundex0` equals "V100". For the next test involving `encode(null)`, since Soundex's null handling returns null, I can replace the commented-out unstable assertion with `assertNull(soundex0.encode((String) null))`.

`US_ENGLISH` is static final though, so I'm reconsidering. That "unstable assertion" comment on getMaxLength() was already there originally, so I shouldn't treat it as something to restore. Since encode(null) just returns null for soundex, maybe an assertNull oracle would work for that unused return value instead.

But the return value isn't captured in a variable, so I can't easily add an assertion on it directly, and getMaxLength() would return the default 4, not 0, so that assertion doesn't make sense either unless it's tied to prior static state that gets reset between tests.

I'm concluding that assertion was flagged unstable due to test-order dependence on static state, so I'll leave it commented out and abstain from adding a real assertion for test01, then moving on to test02 which checks that encoding a string with unmapped characters throws an IllegalArgumentException.

I should add a `verifyException("org.apache.commons.codec.language.Soundex", e)` call inside the catch block, matching the standard EvoSuite pattern imported via `EvoAssertions.*`.

For test03, I'll apply the same fix, adding `verifyException` to its catch block since it also just has a comment currently.

For test04, I'm examining the string being encoded and tracing which characters `SoundexUtils.clean` would retain as letters to determine the expected output.

lastDigit becomes '/'. For B, the mapped digit is '^', which differs from lastDigit, so it's appended; H is skipped due to the special H/W rule; L maps to '#', also appended since it differs from the previous digit. So the final result comes out to "N^#0".

Let me double-check that mapping string for a '-' marker — scanning through "9^n}]@7bH(,#/L" character by character confirms there's no dash present, so the special case holds and H stays silent.

Now working through "NBHL" against index positions: N maps to index 13 in the mapping array, which points to 'L', an unusual result but the soundex code allows non-digit outputs here.

Continuing the trace, B maps to index 1 giving '^', which differs from the last digit so it gets added to the output. H is silently skipped due to the special-case rule for H/W. L maps to index 11 giving '#', also distinct from the previous digit, so it's appended too. This builds the final result "N^#0", meaning the expected test value for this case would be that string.

But I'm second-guessing my assumption about how `SoundexUtils.clean` actually works — whether it truly filters to letters and uppercases them as I assumed. Given the uncertainty around this utility's exact behavior, I think it's safer to skip asserting a concrete value here rather than risk an incorrect assertion.

For the next test, encoding a Soundex instance with a difference calculation between two strings using `US_ENGLISH_GENEALOGY`, I again don't have enough confidence in the internal implementation to compute the exact result, so I'll abstain from asserting a specific value there too.

Similarly, tests that only construct Soundex objects with unusual inputs like dashes and numbers don't need assertions since they're just checking the constructor doesn't throw. For the identical-string comparison using `US_ENGLISH.difference`, since both strings passed are the same, this likely returns a deterministic result I can verify.

Since the string cleans to an empty string, soundex would return "" for both inputs, and comparing two empty strings via the difference method likely yields 0 rather than 4. I'm not fully certain of that internal comparison logic though, so I'll lean toward abstaining on this one.

Looking at test09, it creates a char array and calls setMaxLength(0) on the US_ENGLISH singleton, which just sets a field with no return value to assert against. Since the test doesn't capture the resulting state and static resets make behavior inconsistent, I'll abstain here too.

For test10, getMaxLength() on a default Soundex returns the default maxLength of 4, so I can confidently assert equals(4, int0). Test11 just constructs a Soundex object with a custom string and boolean, requiring no oracle since it only tests the constructor.

Now I'm compiling the confirmed oracles: test00 gets assertEquals("V100", string0), test01 gets abstained due to instability, and test02 needs an exception verification from the Apache Commons package.

Working through the exception verification pattern for test03, followed by handling test04 with assertNotNull or abstaining, and marking tests 05, 08 for abstention while 06, 07, 09, 11 need no oracle since they're just constructors or side-effect calls.

I'm reconsidering test00's expected output "vyHWF);{" and trying to trace through what SoundexUtils.clean would produce, filtering the input down to only letter characters.

Tracing through the Soundex encoding algorithm on the cleaned string, tracking the mapping digits and special H/W handling case by case.

F maps to digit '1', which isn't zero or equal to the last digit, so it gets appended, giving the final result "V100" for `assertEquals`. I'm now confident about that assertion and about `getMaxLength()` returning 4 for test10, and I'm moving on to work through the remaining tests using standard EvoSuite conventions like `verifyException`.

For tests 06 and 07, those are just constructor calls creating Soundex objects with no meaningful return value to assert, since Java constructors don't produce anything to check beyond object creation. Test08 compares the `difference` between two identical strings, so if both encode to the same soundex value (even an empty string), the difference should match itself, meaning the assertion should hold trivially.

Now I'm finalizing the oracles: test00 expects "V100", test01 stays abstained, test02 and test03 verify Soundex exceptions, test10 expects the value 4. I'm reconsidering test04 and test05 — for test04, asserting the object isn't null seems like the safest bet, while test05's outcome is too dependent on complex computation to pin down confidently, so I'll leave it abstained.

I'm mapping out each letter to its Soundex code digit by carefully indexing through the mapping string character by character.

I'm finishing the letter-to-code mapping and noting that since it includes a silent marker, the special H/W handling flag comes out false for this genealogy variant. Now I'm tracing through the soundex computation for the test string, cleaning it down to just its letters and uppercasing them before encoding.

Continuing through: X maps to '2' as the first code digit, S also maps to '2' but matches the last digit so it's skipped, and F maps to '1' which gets appended since it differs from the previous digit and isn't a vowel marker.

Now for M, mapping to '5', which also differs from the last stored digit '1', so I'm tracing whether it gets appended too.

V maps to '1' as well, differing from '5', so it gets appended, giving out array [X,1,5,1], and the loop exits once four characters are filled—resulting in "X151" for that word.

Now I'm tracing through the letters of "org.apache.commons.codec.EncoderException" to compute its soundex value, converting everything to uppercase first.

Walking through with the genealogy mapping: O starts as the seed letter, R maps to '6' and gets appended since it differs from the silent marker, and G maps to '2' next.

Continuing, A is silent so it's skipped, then P maps to '1' and gets appended, giving the final encoded result "O621". Comparing "X151" against "O621" position by position, only the last characters match ('1' vs '1'), so the difference count is 1, though I'm relying on the exact behavior of SoundexUtils.clean to be sure.

Since I can't verify SoundexUtils.clean's exact filtering behavior, I'll abstain on tests 05 and 08. For test08, both inputs are pure digit strings with no letters, so after cleaning they'd likely both become empty strings, making the difference comparison trivially 0 — but again, I'm not confident enough to commit to that without seeing the actual implementation.

Test09's setMaxLength(0) call doesn't assert anything either, so no oracle needed there. Same goes for tests 06, 07, and 11 — they're just constructor invocations without a result to check, so nothing to verify.

Compiling the full list of oracles now: test00 gets an equality assertion on "V100", tests02 and 03 need exception verification against the Soundex class, test01 already has its comment in place, and tests04 through 08 will mostly be abstentions given my uncertainty about the underlying cleaning logic.

Digging into test04's encode call with the string "9^n}]@7bH(,#/L" as input, I'm working through how SoundexUtils cleans that down to just the uppercase letters, which gives "NBHL", and then tracing that through the soundex mapping character by character to figure out what code it would produce.

The full string is 14 characters long, confirming mapping[13]='L'. Working through the remaining letters N, B, H, L: N maps to 'L', B maps to '^' and gets stored, H is ignored due to the special case flag, and L maps to '#' and gets stored, giving the sequence N, ^, #, 0.

So `object0` equals "N^#0", and I'll assert that value for test04, assuming SoundexUtils.clean filters to letters only and uppercases them—applying that to the input string yields N, B, H, L. Now I'm shifting to test05, where `difference` is called on `soundex0.US_ENGLISH_GENEALOGY` rather than `soundex0` itself, so I need to track which encoder variant is actually in use there.

Working through the genealogy encoding, encode(")1XSFmv!V?i#") gives "X151" and encode of the apache exception string gives "O621". Comparing them position by position, only the fourth character matches, giving a difference score of 1, but I want to double-check by re-deriving the uppercase letter sequence from the first string since it has both 'v' and 'V' which collapse to the same letter.

V maps to '1', which differs from the last digit, so it gets stored: out[3]='1', giving the final result "X151". Now I'm moving to encoding "org.apache.commons.codec.EncoderException" — extracting each letter and converting to uppercase to prepare for the mapping step.

Tracing through the US_ENGLISH_GENEALOGY encoder for this string: O maps to a silent marker, R maps to '6' and gets stored since it differs from the previous digit, G maps to '2' and also gets stored, A maps to a silent marker so it's skipped, and P maps to '1' which is being checked against the running last digit before deciding whether to store it.

The function counts matching characters at the same positions between two equal-length encoded strings, returning null-safe zero. Applying this logic to "X151" vs "O621", only the last position matches, confirming count=1.

For the identical string comparison test, if both clean to empty strings, the loop never runs and the result is 0—though I should double check whether the clean step actually strips non-letter characters or just trims and uppercases, since that changes what the encoded strings look like.

SoundexUtils.clean likely strips non-alphabetic characters and uppercases, so "01230120022455012623010202" reduces to an empty string, making soundex return "" and differenceEncoded("", "") return 0. So test08 should assert 0 for int0. I'm feeling confident about this and also about test00's "V100" case, and I want to go back and verify my confidence on the other test cases too.

For test01, the code calls soundex0.encode(null) but there's already a commented-out unstable assertion for getMaxLength() in the test, and I don't see a variable being captured from that encode call to assert against.

Since encode(null) returns null via soundex(null), I could try adding an assertion, but the existing call didn't capture its result, so retroactively asserting on it isn't straightforward without duplicating the call, which feels awkward. I'll likely leave test01 without an added oracle.

I'm now compiling the remaining assertions for each test case: test00 checks for "V100", test02 and test03 both verify exceptions from the Soundex class, test04 checks for "N^#0", test05 checks for 1, and test08 checks for 0, continuing through the rest of the list.



Let me look at the file more carefully to see the exact content.

Let me try a different approach to look at the exact content with the Read tool.

The file looks the same as I read it. The issue might be whitespace/indentation differences. Let me try to use a more specific unique string for the replacement.

The file seems to have different indentation or whitespace. Let me read it with a limit to see exactly what's there. Actually, I already did read it and the line numbers are correct. Maybe it's a tab vs space issue. Let me try with a different approach - use the Grep tool to find the exact content.

The grep found the content. The issue is likely that the file uses tabs for indentation, but the Read tool showed spaces. Let me try using a smaller unique substring to replace.

The Edit tool is having trouble because of whitespace characters. Let me try reading the raw bytes to see what's there. Actually, since I can't use bash for that, let me try a different approach - use the Write tool to rewrite the entire file with the correct oracles.

Wait, before I do that, let me make sure about a couple of things:

1. The Read tool showed the file content with the right structure
2. The Edit tool is consistently failing even when matching exact content from grep

This suggests that the indentation is different from what the Read tool shows (the Read tool strips line number prefixes but the actual indentation uses tabs).

The safest approach is to rewrite the entire file. 

I'm working out the expected assertion for each test case based on the method behavior, then I'll write out the full corrected file with these oracles in place.

