Let me start by reading the masked test file to understand what tests are there and what oracles need to be added.

Now I need to analyze each test and determine what oracles should be added. Let me go through each test:

1. **test00**: `soundex0.encode("vyHWF);{")` - This encodes a string that starts with 'v'. Soundex of "vyHWF" - 'v' is the first letter, then y=0, H=0, W=0, F=1. So soundex would be "V100" probably. But the string has extra chars that aren't letters. Hmm, the string is "vyHWF);{". The non-letter chars would be ignored or might cause issues. 

Without access to source, I'll estimate the likely output based on how Soundex typically handles non-alphabetic characters, probably ignoring them and producing something like "V100" with the default max length of four.

For test01, encoding null just returns null, and that unstable assertion checking maxLength is already commented out, so I should leave that as-is.

Since encode's return value isn't stored in a variable, I realize I can't easily assert on it without restructuring the test, so I can't add an oracle there without changing what's already assigned.

I'm reconsidering whether null encoding returns null and whether adding a separate assertion would duplicate the call. The only nearby assertion is the unstable, commented-out maxLength check, so I think this test case doesn't actually need an oracle added and I'll abstain here, then move on to check test02 which already has a try/catch structure.

test03 similarly already has a proper try/catch with fail() serving as its oracle. For test04, encoding an object whose string starts with a digit could throw or return an unexpected value, and I'm not confident enough to assert on the stored result. Test05's difference() call returns an int between 0-4, but I can't pin down the exact expected value, so I'm hesitant there too. I'm now looking at test06's constructor call.

For test07, another constructor call needs no assertions. Test08 computes the difference of a string against itself, which should normally yield the max score, but since the string starts with a digit rather than a letter, I'm unsure whether Soundex handles that gracefully or throws. Test09 is just a setter with no return value to check, and test10 retrieves the default max length, which I believe is 4, so asserting that value seems reasonable.

For test00, I'm tracing through encoding "vyHWF);{" manually -- starting with 'v', mapping subsequent letters to their Soundex digits while skipping punctuation, to figure out what the expected encoded result should be.

So applying the standard Soundex rules — keep the first letter, drop vowels and h/w/y, collapse duplicates, pad or truncate to four characters — "vyHWF);{" reduces to just V followed by F, giving V100 after padding since there's nothing else to encode from the remaining punctuation.

I'm now checking the exact digit mapping for each letter in the US English Soundex table to make sure I have the code index right for h, since that affects how h is treated when it appears mid-word versus as a separator.

Finishing the index table for y and z, then I try applying it to "vyHWF);{" — tracing each character's index value, but I hit a snag: 'v' is kept as-is since it's first, several letters map to zero and get skipped, and then I run into non-letter characters like ')' which would produce a negative index if the code doesn't guard against non-alphabetic input. I'm wondering whether the implementation actually handles that case or if it would throw an error.

Since there's no try/catch around the call with the 4000ms timeout, the test must expect this to succeed rather than throw. This suggests the implementation likely skips non-alphabetic characters entirely. Working through the encoding under that assumption, I trace through the letters and arrive at a probable result of "V100" after removing duplicates/zeros and padding to length four, though I'm not fully confident in that answer.

Rather than keep guessing on that one, I should focus on cases I'm more certain about — the default max length for Soundex in commons-codec is well-documented as 4, and the difference method comparing an identical string to itself should max out.

For test05, both strings involved are unusual and unpredictable, so I'll abstain rather than force a guess.

For test00, thinking through "vyHWF);{" more carefully - if non-alphabetic characters are simply skipped in the mapping, the letters v, y, H, W, F would encode to something like "V100". I'll go with that as a moderate-confidence guess.

For test04, I'm working through what "9^n}]@7bH(,#/L" encodes to under the same mapping logic.

Without knowing the exact implementation, I'm unsure what test04 would return for non-letter-starting input, so I'll stay conservative and only assert on test10 where the default value of 4 seems certain, abstaining from the others unless I gain more confidence. I also want to revisit test00, which uses the standard `Soundex.US_ENGLISH` mapping.

Ignoring the remaining punctuation characters, the digits reduce to "1", padded to give "V100". But I'm second-guessing whether the adjacency rule between 'v' (code 1) and the later 'F' (also code 1) might cause it to be dropped as a duplicate, depending on how strictly the implementation follows classic Soundex rules.

Given that ambiguity, I think it's safer to abstain on this particular test case rather than commit to either "V100" or "V000". I'll note this uncertainty and move on to checking the other test cases where I have more confidence, like test10's getMaxLength() behavior.

Looking at test05, I check whether the difference method returns 0 when one string starts with a non-letter character like ')' while the other starts with a letter -- but I'm still not confident enough in the exact behavior to commit to an answer. I'll stick with only the test I'm sure about.

00 is abstained given the V100/V000 ambiguity. Tests 01, 06, 07, 09, and 11 need no oracle since they involve null encoding, constructors only, or void calls without stored results. Tests 02 and 03 already have try/catch oracles with fail statements. Test04 stays abstained due to uncertainty around non-letter-starting strings, test05 abstained over the difference value, and test08 is either abstained or gets assertEquals(4, int0) if same-string differences are always 4. Test10 I'm confident gets assertEquals(4, int0).

For test08 specifically, I'm reconsidering whether Soundex's difference method returns 4 when comparing a string starting with '0' to itself, since soundex might return null in that case and the null-vs-null comparison behavior in difference isn't something I'm certain about.

I'll stay conservative and abstain here, so my final answers are: test10 gets assertEquals(4, int0), and everything else remains abstained since I can't confirm the return values without source access.



There might be some encoding issue with the string. Let me try reading the file again to see the exact characters.

Let me try with a different approach. Let me add the oracle for test10 only (which I'm confident about) and put ABSTAINED comments in the tests that need oracles but where I'm not confident.

For test10:
```java
  @Test(timeout = 4000)
  public void test10()  throws Throwable  {
      Soundex soundex0 = new Soundex();
      int int0 = soundex0.getMaxLength();
  }
```
I need to add `assertEquals(4, int0)`.

For tests with stored return values where I'm uncertain (test00, test04, test05, test08), I need to add `// ABSTAINED`.


The Edit tool seems to be having trouble with character encoding, so I'm trying Bash instead, and if that doesn't work I'll try matching a smaller, more unique string.



There might be some encoding issues with the special characters in the file. Let me try using Bash to see the actual bytes or use a Python script to read and write the file.

Actually, I can use Bash to do the edits using Python or sed.

Wait, let me try using a more minimal matching string that doesn't include special characters.

I can't use Bash for arbitrary commands. Let me try a different approach with the Edit tool. Perhaps the issue is that the file has different line endings or the special characters {, ;, ) are being treated differently.

Let me try matching a smaller, unique string that doesn't contain those special characters.

The file looks good. Now let me compile it with the compile-check skill.