Let me start by reading both the masked test file and the class under test to understand what needs to be done.

Now let me analyze each test to determine what oracles are needed:

**test00**: 
```java
Soundex soundex0 = Soundex.US_ENGLISH;
String string0 = soundex0.encode("vyHWF);{");
```
`encode("vyHWF);{")` calls `soundex("vyHWF);{")`. Let me trace through:
- `SoundexUtils.clean("vyHWF);{")` - this should strip non-alphabetic characters and uppercase. The clean method probably returns "VYHWF" (only alphabetic characters, uppercased).
Tracing the encoding further: first char stays 'V', then I need to map 'V' using the Soundex mapping string to get its digit value for comparison with subsequent letters.

For 'Y' at index 1, the digit is '0' which is vowel-like, so it doesn't get stored, but lastDigit updates to '0' for tracking consecutive duplicates. Moving to 'H' next, since it's flagged as a special case for the H/W rule.

H and W get skipped due to the special rule, then F maps to digit '1', which differs from the previous stored digit, so it gets added to the output making it "V1", but since we run out of letters before reaching four characters, I pad with zeros to get "V100". Let me recheck the encoding string indexing to make sure I'm mapping each letter to the right digit correctly.

Tracing through "VYHWF" step by step: V outputs '1' and becomes the last digit, Y maps to '0' so it's skipped, H and W are ignored due to the special case rule, and F maps to '1' which differs from the last digit so it gets appended, giving the encoded result "V1".

So the final Soundex code is "V100", meaning the oracle should assert that string0 equals "V100". Looking at test01, calling encode(null) returns null since soundex(null) is null, but the existing unstable assertion checking getMaxLength() against 0 doesn't make sense given the default maxLength of 4 — I need to replace this with a proper oracle for the null case.

The commented-out unstable assertion checks getMaxLength() equals 0, but that seems wrong since US_ENGLISH defaults to maxLength 4 and encode(null) shouldn't touch it. I think I'll abstain from adding that particular oracle since it doesn't hold up.

For test02 and test03, these are exception tests where the catch block itself serves as sufficient oracle, no extra assertions needed.

For test04, I'm tracing through encode() called with an Object cast of a string containing symbols and letters, which routes to soundex() and first runs SoundexUtils.clean() to strip non-alphabetic characters and uppercase the rest.

Now I'm tracing the character-to-code mapping using the custom mapping string, walking through each letter of "NBHL" and computing its soundex digit based on the mapping array indices.

So out ends up as ['N','^','#','0'], giving "N^#0" as the final result - I'm verifying that map('N') pulls index 13 from the mapping string, which is valid and gives 'L' without throwing any exception, so no error occurs during this lookup.

I realize I should double check what SoundexUtils.clean does first, since it filters the input to just uppercase letters before processing - applying that to "9^n}]@7bH(,#/L" would give "NBHL", which changes my expected result. I need to reconsider the assertion value more carefully given this cleaning step.

Continuing the mapping: K=10 ',', L=11 '#', M=12 '/', N=13 'L'. Since there's no '-' marker present, specialCaseHW is true, so I process "NBHL" by mapping each letter through this table -- N maps to 'L' as the last digit, then B maps to '^' since it's not H or W and specialCaseHW handling applies.

Continuing through the loop, H gets skipped since specialCaseHW ignores it, and L maps to '#', giving a final output array of N, ^, #, 0, which produces the result "N^#0".

Moving to test05, I'm tracing through the US_ENGLISH_GENEALOGY difference calculation between two encoded strings, noting its mapping table contains a '-' character which disables the special H/W handling case.

So that cleans up to "XSFMVVI". Now I'm working out the genealogy soundex mapping table, assigning digit codes to each letter (with several letters like A, E, H, I marked silent) to build the encoding string for comparison.

Now I'm tracing through the encoding process for "XSFMVVI" letter by letter, tracking the running output and last digit used to detect consecutive duplicates.

Continuing the trace, 'M' maps to '5' and gets stored, then 'V' maps to '1' and gets stored, filling out the four-character buffer to give "X151". I decide to double-check this by restarting the trace from the beginning with 'X' as the first letter, walking through 'S' next to verify the digit mapping logic holds up.

Finishing that trace, I get "X151" as the Soundex result. Now I'm working through "org.apache.commons.codec.EncoderException" by stripping it down to just letters and uppercasing them into one long string to encode.

Still tracing the encoding algorithm...

Finishing that trace, I get "O621" for the second string. Comparing "X151" against "O621" position by position, only the last characters match, giving a difference count of 1. I'm second-guessing my assumptions about how the cleaning step works though, since I'm not fully certain what it strips or normalizes—I should be cautious about how confident I am in this result.

Given the complexity of manually tracing these soundex calculations, I'm considering whether to just add test oracles for a handful of test cases instead. Looking at test08, it calls difference on two identical strings that contain no letters at all, so both would clean to empty strings and encode to empty soundex codes, meaning the difference would trivially be comparing two empty strings.

Without the source, I can't be sure how it handles two empty strings, so I'll abstain there. For test10, getMaxLength() simply returns the default maxLength of 4, so I'm confident asserting that value. Now let me re-verify my earlier calculation of "V100" for test00.

Continuing the trace, F maps to '1' which differs from the last stored digit, so it gets appended, giving out=['V','1','0','0'] and result "V100" -- matching the oracle `assertEquals("V100", string0)`.

I'm fairly confident test04's oracle is `assertEquals("N^#0", object0)`. For test05 and test08 the calculations are too complex, so I'll abstain on those, while test02 and test03 are exception-handling tests where the fail/catch pattern itself serves as the oracle.

Compiling the final list: test00 gets `assertEquals("V100", string0)`, test01 I'll abstain since the commented-out assertion is unstable and the encode(null) result isn't captured in a variable, test04 gets the N^#0 assertion, test05 and test08 abstain, and test10 gets `assertEquals(4, int0)`. For test01, since I can only append assertions after existing lines and the null-encode result isn't stored, I don't have a clean way to assert on it.

For test05, I don't have full confidence in SoundexUtils.difference's internal logic (likely encoding both strings then counting matching character positions), so I'm working through the calculation manually before deciding whether to add an oracle there.

Cleaning the string down to letters only and uppercasing gives "ORGAPACHECOMMONSCODECENCODEREXCEPTION". I'm now carefully re-deriving the US_ENGLISH_GENEALOGY soundex mapping table position by position to double-check my earlier calculation.

Now I'm walking through the encoding algorithm on that string, tracking the first character, the running output buffer, and the last digit code to detect consecutive duplicates and silent markers.

ORGAPACHECOMMONSCODECENCODEREXCEPTION maps to "O621", confirming my approach.

Now checking ")1XSFmv!V?i#": stripping out non-letters and uppercasing each letter gives X, S, F, M, V, V, I, so the clean result is "XSFMVVI".

Now I'm tracing through the genealogy encoding algorithm on "XSFMVVI": starting with X as the first output letter, then computing digit codes for each subsequent letter (S, F, M...) and comparing against the last digit to decide whether to append or skip, building up the encoded output step by step.

Continuing that trace to completion, I get "X151" for "XSFMVVI", then compare it position-by-position against "O621" - only the third character matches, giving a difference score of 1, which matches the expected `assertEquals(1, int0)` in the oracle. Now I'm moving on to setting up test08, which computes the difference between two long numeric strings using US_ENGLISH soundex.

Since this input string contains only digits (no letters), cleaning it strips everything out, leaving an empty string that encodes to empty. With both operands empty after encoding, I need to figure out what `difference` returns for two empty strings - based on the description that it counts matching characters, comparing zero characters should yield zero, though I'm not fully certain of the implementation's edge-case behavior here.

For my final answers, I'll go with: test00 gives "V100", test04 gives "N^#0", test05 gives 1, test10 gives 4, and for test08 I'll lean toward 0 given the empty-comparison reasoning, though I'm least confident there.



Let me check the file more carefully - maybe there are different whitespace characters.

I'll try different indentation. The file was shown with tab characters. Let me look at the raw content more carefully. The read showed lines with tab indentation but the Edit tool might be matching differently. Let me try with the exact content from the read output - looks like 2-space indentation in the display.

Wait, looking at the Read output more carefully - it shows `  ` at the start, but that could be 2 spaces or a tab. Let me try with just the function signature part that should be less ambiguous.

The file might use tab characters for indentation. Let me try with tabs in the edit.

Let me try a different approach and look at the raw file more carefully. The file probably uses spaces. Let me try to edit the whole test file by writing it completely.

Actually, since the Edit tool requires reading the file first and matching exact content, let me try a simpler approach and try just writing the whole file again. But first let me try to edit specific lines I know exist.